SQL, Redshift, BigQuery, Tableau , version control, 
R, Pandas, Malplotlib, Numpy
SQL + R and/or Python
Python, R, NumPy/SciPy/Pandas
TensorFlow, PyTorch, Scikit Learn
relational databases and SQL
Python, R or other scripting languages, experience with SQL is a 
Git, unit testing, Docker and cloud platforms
R | SAS | Jamovi | PSPP | MatLab | Python | SQL | JASP
C, C++, Java, JavaScript, R, Python, SQL, .
data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, .
SAS, R, SQL, SPSS, or Python
Power BI.
R, Python, Power BI, Excel, 
Python and/or R.
Python or R (Matlab, Tableau and others are a )
(SQL Server, PostgreSQL or any other variant).
R or Python, have experience with SQL a
Strong SQL skills required. (we use SQL Server and PostgreSQL)
linear/logistic regression, time series analysis, forecasting, hypothesis testing and econometric models.
Python and/or R for data cleaning, processing, visualisation and statistical analysis.
Strong Excel skills, for reporting and data visualisation where necessary.
Strong knowledge of SQL
Experience with data visualization and reporting tools (e.g. Looker, Jupyter Notebooks)
Familiarity with statistical packages (e.g. R, Python)
Experience with big data tools (e.g. Spark, Hive) is a 
Experience with statistical software (i.e., R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, .)
understanding of databases (i.e., SQL, NoSQL), machine learning libraries (TensorFlow, PyTorch, .), cloud platforms, distributed storage and processing of big data (Hadoop, Spark, .).
Expertise and experience in Digital/Big Data Analytics/AI/Machine Learning:
Expertise in Signal Processing, Control Systems, and Mechatronics
Experience in Machine Learning algorithms (CNN, SVM, LSTM .)
Respective programming knowledge of Python/R and SQL expertise
R, SQL, Python, Spark, Hive
R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, .), understanding of databases (i.e., SQL, NoSQL), machine learning libraries (TensorFlow, PyTorch, .), cloud platforms and distributed storage and processing of big data (Hadoop, Spark, .).
PhD/Doctoral degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Statistics, Applied and Industrial Mathematics, Operations Research or equivalent practical experience.
SQL + R and/or Python). MicroStrategy & Tableau
R, Python and/or Tableau
Python, R, Scala) and SQL
NLP
Python, H2O, R)
Familiar with leading visualisation tools (e.g. PowerBI, Tableau, Qlikview)
SQL and Python (R is a ).
R (or Python)
BI dashboard solutions such as Tableau or Microstrategy/PowerBI and SQL
Power BI, Tableau, Microstrategy or  Datastudio.
SQL, R or python)
Tableau, Power BI, Microstrategy, or  Datastudio.
R, Python 
(Excel, SPSS, SAS .)
Databases (SQL, MongoDB .)
Reporting packages (Business Objects )
ML
Python or R
Experienced in a data query language (e.g., MongoDB, SQL)
SQL and scripting languages such as Python - including data-analysis and –visualization frameworks like pandas, numpy , matplitlob and seaborn 
Strong SQL and Python programming skills
Data visualisation tool like Tableau or Looker
ETL tool like Jenkins or Airflow
Proficiency in SQL and statistical programming in Python
regressions, clustering, causal inference, advanced Bayesian techniques) to solve business and product problems
SQL, Python, 
SQL skills, with practical experience of big data tools (ideally BigQuery)
Experience with version control systems (VCS) (e.g. Github)
Tableau experience is a )
(Spark, Python, Databricks platform)
AWS/Azure
SQL and SQL-like interfaces 
Scala and Java 
SQL and statistical programming in Python
SQL (ideally PostgreSQL)
Tealium or  Tag Manager, A/B Testing, SQL and R and/or Python
Tag Management Systems, Tracking debugging, BigQuery, Firebase and/or  Analytics
PowerBI, Tableau or Metabase 
SQL and scripting languages such as Python - 
 Suite,  Analytics, Facebook Ads Manager, FB insights, YouTube Analytics, Brandwatch, SocialBakers, Data Studio, Klipfolio or any other Data Visualization
Python & SQL
SQL (incl. aggregate functions, joins, .). 
(Python, R) a 
Python, SQL, and large scale processing engines (e.g. Apache Spark), 
ML
SQL skills, BI tool (Tableau, Periscope, Sisense, .), Python/R is a 
